# com.pitneybowes.api360.Model.CustomsInfo

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**CurrencyCode** | **string** | &gt;-The type of currency used for the monetary values in this API request. Use three uppercase letters, per ISO 4217. For example, use USD for US Dollars, CAD for Canadian Dollars, and EUR for Euros. | 
**ReasonForExport** | **string** | &gt;-The reason the commodity is being exported. Valid values are: Valid Values: [GIFT COMMERCIAL_SAMPLE MERCHANDISE DOCUMENTS RETURNED_GOODS OTHER SOLD NOT_SOLD] | [optional] 
**CustomsDeclaredValue** | **double** | &gt;- Enter the value to declare in customs for the shipment. Enter the value in the currency specified in the currencyCode field. | [optional] 
**EELPFC** | **string** | A number provided by the Automated Export System (AES). &lt;br/&gt; Required if the item is more than $2,500 USD, per Schedule B export codes. &lt;br/&gt; Required if EELPFC  is AES ITN. - AES ITN is a unique transaction number generated by the Automated Export System (AES) when export data is filed for international shipments from the U.S. - The ITN format is AES XYYYYMMDDNNNNNN, where X indicates the type, YYYYMMDD is the filing date, and NNNNNN is a 6-digit number. Example: &#x60;AES X20250327123456&#x60; - If the ITN is not available, an exemption format may be used: AESDOWN [Filer ID] [mm/dd/yyyy]. Example: &#x60;AESDOWN 12345678912 03/27/2025&#x60;  | [optional] 
**CertificateNumber** | **string** | The certificate number associated with the commodity. | [optional] 
**Comments** | **string** | &gt;-Free form comments regarding the exported shipment entered by the shipper. | [optional] 
**FromCustomsReference** | **string** | &gt;-Free form reference information provided by the requestor of the shipment. Depending on the carrier this information may or may not be rendered on the customs documents. | [optional] 
**ImporterCustomsReference** | **string** | &gt;- A reference number used by the importer, such as a VAT number, PO number, or insured number. &#x60;Shipments to the EU&#x60;: Merchants shipping to the European Union (EU) from outside the EU must provide a VAT or IOSS number. Enter the number in this field and specify the reference type in the importerCustomsReferenceType field. | [optional] 
**InvoiceNumber** | **string** | The commercial invoice number assigned by the exporter. | [optional] 
**LicenseNumber** | **string** | The export license number associated with the commodity. | [optional] 
**DeclarationStatement** | **string** | This is declaration statement from the Shipper for the items being shipped. | [optional] 
**ImporterCustomsReferenceType** | **string** | &gt;-A reference type used by the importer to determine the type of importerCustomsReference. Valid Values are TAX_CODE, IMPORTER_CODE, VAT_NUMBER, IOSS_NUMBER. | [optional] 
**InsuredAmount** | **double** | Enter the insurance fee, if applicable. | [optional] 
**InsuredNumber** | **string** | &gt;- If the sender wishes to ensure the contents, they complete an insurance receipt and affix the insured numbered label to the package. The insured number label is what this field represents. | [optional] 
**SdrValue** | **double** | &gt;-When an international parcel is insured, the insured value must be expressed in Special Drawing Rights values. E.g., $100 USD &#x3D; 66.87 SDR. | [optional] 
**TermsOfSale** | **string** | Defines the delivery and payment terms between the shipper and recipient. Currenty supported by carriers - UPS, FedEx and DHL. - Common values include:   - CIP: Carriage and Insurance Paid to   - CPT: Carriage Paid To   - DAP: Delivered at Place   - DAT: Delivered at Terminal   - DDP: Delivered Duty Paid   - EXW: Ex Works   - FCA: Free Carrier  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

