# com.pitneybowes.api360.Model.DHLExpressCarrierPayment
**DHL Express Billing Rules:**<br/> - Account number is required for all billing scenarios. - In the case of DDU (Delivery Duty Unpaid) and no bill-to party provided:   - Pitney Bowes does not prompt for BILL_PARTY.   - DHL attempts to collect duties and taxes in the destination country via its billing team.   - If DHL is unable to collect these charges from the receiver, the sender will be billed, and DHL may request instructions to deliver, return, or abandon the shipment. - Valid freight payer account required (Impex or origin match). - -- -- -- -- --   DHL Express Billing Scenarios:   | Scenario | Party | Type of Charge  | Account Required | Postal/Country Code |   |- -- -- -- -- -|- -- -- --|- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --|- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -|- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --|   | COLLECT/CONSIGNEE        | BILL_RECEIVER_CONTRACT | ALL_CHARGES                  | Required         | Optional             |   | Shipper pays all         | BILL_SENDER            | ALL_CHARGES                  | Required         | Optional             |   | Shipper (split charges)  | BILL_SENDER            | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Optional             |   |                           | BILL_SENDER            | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Required         | Optional             |   | Sender & Receiver split  | BILL_SENDER            | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Optional             |   |                           | BILL_RECEIVER          | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Required         | Optional             |   | Receiver pays all        | BILL_RECEIVER          | ALL_CHARGES                  | Required         | Optional             |   | Receiver (split charges) | BILL_RECEIVER          | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Optional             |   |                           | BILL_RECEIVER          | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Required         | Optional             |   | Shipper & 3rd Party      | BILL_SENDER            | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Optional             |   |                           | BILL_THIRD_PARTY       | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Required         | Optional             |   | 3rd Party pays all       | BILL_THIRD_PARTY       | ALL_CHARGES                  | Required         | Optional             |   | 3rd Party (split charges)| BILL_THIRD_PARTY       | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Optional             |   |                           | BILL_THIRD_PARTY       | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Required         | Optional             | 

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountNumber** | **string** | The DHL Express account number of the party to be billed. | [optional] 
**CountryCode** | **string** | Two-letter ISO country code of the party to be billed. | [optional] 
**PostalCode** | **string** | Postal code of the party to be billed. | [optional] 
**Party** | **string** | Billing party for DHL Express. Account number is required for all scenarios. | [optional] 
**TypeOfCharge** | **string** | The type of charge billed to the specified party. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

