# com.pitneybowes.api360.Model.FedExCarrierPayment
**FedEx Billing Rules:**<br/> - If no bill-to party (who will pay for TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES or duties and taxes) is explicitly defined, FedEx will default billing to the sender. - If sender provides the receiver's account number, Duties and taxes will be charged directly from the account.  - If no account number is provided, FedEx will attempt to collect payment from the receiver at the time of import. - In the case of DDU (Delivery Duty Unpaid) and no bill-to party provided:   - Pitney Bowes does not prompt for BILL_PARTY.   - FedEx attempts to collect duties and taxes in the destination country via its billing team.   - In cases where FedEx is unable to collect these charges, the sender (in the origin country) will be billed as a fallback. - Recipient must be an authorized collect recipient - Postal code and country code are not required for any party.  - -- -- -- -- -- FedEx Billing Scenarios: | Scenario                  | Party                  | Type of Charge                | Account Required | Postal/Country Code | |- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -|- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --|- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -|- -- -- -- -- --|- -- -- -- -- -- -- -| | COLLECT/CONSIGNEE        | BILL_RECEIVER_CONTRACT | ALL_CHARGES                  | Not Required     | Optional             | | Shipper pays all         | BILL_SENDER            | ALL_CHARGES                  | Optional         | Optional             | | Shipper (split charges)  | BILL_SENDER            | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Optional             | |                           | BILL_SENDER            | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Optional         | Optional             | | Sender & Receiver split  | BILL_SENDER            | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Optional             | |                           | BILL_RECEIVER          | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Optional         | Optional             | | Receiver pays all        | BILL_RECEIVER          | ALL_CHARGES                  | Optional         | Optional             | | Receiver (split charges) | BILL_RECEIVER          | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Optional             | |                           | BILL_RECEIVER          | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Optional         | Optional             | | Shipper & 3rd Party      | BILL_SENDER            | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Optional             | |                           | BILL_THIRD_PARTY       | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Optional         | Optional             | | 3rd Party pays all       | BILL_THIRD_PARTY       | ALL_CHARGES                  | Optional         | Optional             | | 3rd Party (split charges)| BILL_THIRD_PARTY       | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Optional             | |                           | BILL_THIRD_PARTY       | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Required         | Optional             | 

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountNumber** | **string** | The FedEx account number of the party to be billed. | [optional] 
**CountryCode** | **string** | Two-letter ISO country code of the party to be billed. | [optional] 
**PostalCode** | **string** | Postal code of the party to be billed. | [optional] 
**Party** | **string** | Billing party for the shipment charges. | [optional] 
**TypeOfCharge** | **string** | The type of charge billed to the specified party. Possible values: - TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES: Transportation-related charges only. When billing transportation charges to the sender (BILL_SENDER), the accountNumber must match the account used to initiate the shipment. - DUTIES_AND_TAXES: Duties and taxes only - ALL_CHARGES: All Shipment Charges (Transportatio and Duties and Taxes)Required when using BILL_RECEIVER_CONTRACT (FedEx COLLECT); includes all charges   | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

