# com.pitneybowes.api360.Model.ShipmentDomesticByCarrierCustomsCustomsInfo
This is additional customs information required along with item details.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ReasonForExport** | **string** | Reason for exporting the items. | 
**CurrencyCode** | **string** | The currency used for declared value. Use three uppercase letters, per ISO 4217. | 
**CustomsDeclaredValue** | **decimal** | Item value in mentioned currencyCode. | 
**Comments** | **string** | Free-form comments regarding the exported shipment. | [optional] 
**InvoiceNumber** | **string** | The commercial invoice number assigned by the exporter. | [optional] 
**ImporterCustomsReference** | **string** | A reference number used by the importer, such as a VAT number, PO number, or insured number. | [optional] 
**SdrValue** | **float** | When an international parcel is insured, the insured value must be expressed in Special Drawing Rights values. | [optional] 
**EELPFC** | **string** | A number provided by the Automated Export System (AES). &lt;br/&gt; Required if the item is more than $2,500 USD, per Schedule B export codes. &lt;br/&gt; Required if EELPFC  is AES ITN. - AES ITN is a unique transaction number generated by the Automated Export System (AES) when export data is filed for international shipments from the U.S. - The ITN format is AES XYYYYMMDDNNNNNN, where X indicates the type, YYYYMMDD is the filing date, and NNNNNN is a 6-digit number. Example: &#x60;AES X20250327123456&#x60; - If the ITN is not available, an exemption format may be used: AESDOWN [Filer ID] [mm/dd/yyyy]. Example: &#x60;AESDOWN 12345678912 03/27/2025&#x60;  | [optional] 
**FromCustomsReference** | **string** | Free-form reference information provided by the requestor of the shipment. Depending on the carrier this information may or may not be rendered on the customs documents. | [optional] 
**LicenseNumber** | **string** | The export license number associated with the commodity. | [optional] 
**CertificateNumber** | **string** | The certificate number associated with the commodity. | [optional] 
**TermsOfSale** | **string** | Defines the delivery and payment terms between the shipper and recipient. Currenty supported by carriers - UPS, FedEx and DHL. - Common values include:   - CIP: Carriage and Insurance Paid to   - CPT: Carriage Paid To   - DAP: Delivered at Place   - DAT: Delivered at Terminal   - DDP: Delivered Duty Paid   - EXW: Ex Works   - FCA: Free Carrier  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

