# com.pitneybowes.api360.Model.UPSCarrierPayment
**UPS Billing Rules:**<br/>  - When only sender or only receiver is specified as the payer, the same account number must be used for both TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES and duties/taxes.  - If no bill-to party (who will pay for TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES or duties and taxes) is explicitly defined, UPS will default billing to the sender/shipper.  - In the case of DDU (Delivery Duty Unpaid) and no bill-to party provided:    - Pitney Bowes does not prompt for BILL_PARTY.    - UPS attempts to collect duties and taxes in the destination country via its billing team or the ICOD (Import Collect on Delivery) process.    - In cases where UPS is unable to collect these charges, the sender (in the origin country) will be billed as a fallback.  - Third Party can be assigned to pay TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES charges only. Duties and taxes cannot be billed to a third party.  - The ALL_CHARGES billing type is not supported by UPS. Charges must be split explicitly between TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES and DUTIES_AND_TAXES.  - -- -- -- -- --    UPS Billing Scenarios:    | Scenario                  | Party                  | Type of Charge                | Account Required | Postal/Country Code |    |- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --|- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -|- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- --|- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -|- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -|    | COLLECT/CONSIGNEE        | Not Supported          | -                             | -                | -                    |    | Shipper pays all         | Not Supported          | -                             | -                | Optional             |    | Shipper (split charges)  | BILL_SENDER            | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Optional         | Optional             |    |                           | BILL_SENDER            | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Optional         | Optional             |    | Sender & Receiver split  | BILL_SENDER            | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Optional         | Optional             |    |                           | BILL_RECEIVER          | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Required         | Optional             |    | Receiver pays all        | Not Supported          | -                             | -                | -                    |    | Receiver (split charges) | BILL_RECEIVER          | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Postal: Required     |    |                           | BILL_RECEIVER          | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Required         | Country: Optional    |    | Shipper & 3rd Party      | BILL_SENDER            | DUTIES_AND_TAXES             | Optional         | Optional             |    |                           | BILL_THIRD_PARTY       | TRANSPORTATION_CHARGES       | Required         | Postal + Country     |    | 3rd Party pays all       | Not Supported          | -                             | -                | -                    | 

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AccountNumber** | **string** | The UPS account number of the party to be billed. | [optional] 
**CountryCode** | **string** | Two-letter ISO country code of the party to be billed. | [optional] 
**PostalCode** | **string** | Postal code of the party to be billed. | [optional] 
**Party** | **string** | Party to be billed. | [optional] 
**TypeOfCharge** | **string** | The type of charge billed to the specified party. UPS requires split charges. ALL_CHARGES is not supported. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../../README.md)

